4/6/21 
Tute/lab Week 8
In attendance: Full attendance
Venue: Zoom
Agenda


Start debugging before 16/4/2021
Action items:

1.solve query about http and what's wrong with iteration 2 in help session this week/ask tutors


2.go through iteration 3 together, reading and assigning work.

3. Team reflection in microsoft teams


Key takeaways:
Increase git taskboard usage add issues on the taskboard.
More frequent meetings 
Ensure code is pylint compliant before beginning the debugging process.
Try to start debugging before 16/4/2021
Hoya's notes

what changes you made to make that pass easier for others to understand
more descriptive merge request titles
put minutes on repo
clear up the hardcoding in dms and messages



cleared up server.py:
	Put all the http tests into server.py

Got rid of all the try and excepts.

Week 9 Friday, saturday help session for debugging 




Meeting Minutes 11/4/2021 7:00 pm

Attendance: full attendance


Agenda:
- Catch-up before the week starts.
- Update on iteration 2 and the problems that have been fixed.
- progress report. what we want to achieve by certain days next week.
- Confirmation with section distribution for iteration 3.
- Discuss the survey results if there are any.


Action:
- Celine and Nicole are planning on attending the help session on Monday 3-5pm.
- Griffin's working on standup.
- Celine's working on message - pin, unpin, react, and unreact
- Nicole's doing message - send later, and send later dm
- Angus and Benson are doing user - profile_upload photo, stats, users stats
- Once the survey results are in Benson will work on potential additions to the interface that may aid users that completed the survey.

Meeting ended: 9pm 11/4/2021


Meeting Minutes 19/4/2021 3:00 pm

Attendance: full attendance


Agenda:
- Catch-up
- Update on iteration 3 and the problems that have been fixed/what is left to do for iteration 3
- Discuss the survey results and choose which ones to use for the Requirements and design for future work section.
- user_stats, users_stats, message tests and http tests to be finished up

Action:

-Celine Nicole and Angus are going to finish up the implementation for user_stats, users_stats.
- Benson finishes off http tests for user and messages.
- Work on the design for future work 

Meeting ended: 4:30pm 19/4/2021
